Update 2025-01-22-community-meeting.mdx (#814)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: community/2025-01-22-community-meeting.mdx

- [@Jiaxiao Zhou (Mossaka)](https://wasmcloud.slack.com/team/U048DP9GVPX) is a long-time Wasm community member who has contributed both to wasmCloud and is a WASI Cloud champion. He also has collaborated with other wasmCloud community members on the work for making Go awesome for Wasm projects.
- Thanks to the community for your nominations and watch the recording to hear more from them (and an intro from Zhou!).

### DEMO + DISCUSSION: Embedding wadm + wasmCloud in `wash`

- This made it on the roadmap with a promise to spike on it. Check out the extensive discussion in the [Github issue](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/issues/1061). Roman's feature suggests: if we have a Rust binary in `wash` the wamsCloud host is just a lightweight binary around the wasmCloud host library and so why don't we embed the wasmcloud host crate into `wash`?
- As always, it's difficult to express the intricacies of this demo in notes so check out the recording below.

> - There's been a lot of discussion around the pros and cons of doing this (see the Github issue). A few considerations, for instance, Hyperkube includes all the Kubernetes CLIS - too big and ot what we want wash to do,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's been a lot of discussion around the pros and cons of doing this (see the GitHub issue). A few considerations, for instance, Hyperkube includes all the Kubernetes CLIs - too big and perhaps not what we want wash to do,
```

- We wanted to see what it might look like to embed wadm and wasmCloud into `wash`, The main difference is when we are setting up a process like `wash dev` in an ephemaeral environment, we stand up the local wasmCloud platform load up your component and its capabilities, you can do your hot reloading then close down when done.

> - What we do is download NATS, wadm and wasmCloud from Github releases (latest versions) and execute those binaries. We can clearly see what happens when we start and stop these binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What we do currently is download NATS, wadm and wasmCloud from GitHub releases (latest versions) and execute those binaries. We can clearly see what happens when we start and stop these binaries.
```

- Follow along in the recording to see the process in action and hear the wider discussion.

### DEMO + DISCUSSION: Helm chart benchmarks

- We have noticed there is a growing appetite for benchmarking and so Taylor has created a [new Helm chart in the repo](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/blob/main/charts/benchmark/README.md?plain=1) for this purpose. We will also be using this to release standard benchmarking for wasmCloud relatively soon.

> - This is taregted at people who are running inside of Kubernetes, but technically it coud be used for benchmarking wasmCloud deployments outside K8s and you're just using K8s for load-testing. This new chart is now available for the community to use - check out the README for detailed instructions and tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is targeted at people who are running inside of Kubernetes, but technically it could be used for benchmarking wasmCloud deployments outside K8s and you're just using K8s for load-testing. This new chart is now available for the community to use - check out the README for detailed instructions and tips.
```
